the west side
today we are going to learn
with
by sea
or
to recharge
was first performed
these poops
worse than that
and scissors
this technique in a good time that lives
teach wow
the geometric shapes
plants
and spatial
first step
percentage
transposing
this was the worst crisis
Spectacular in Pereira
henrique the part that does not participate in the court
pelé is expected fifth at noon
klever kolberg process
inserted
sleep correct formed student
also paulo ii
missing in the country
and all 91 Bethlehem
in purple
one minute
the american
transform
none
parallel to the work
In this position, let's talk.
now I can parallelogram
herrera
koala
for grape
repeat
the same way
the other side
note the pope's appeal
I think we're going crazy
Similarly
this part
now
br /
parallel to the branch
better to hit the ball
Barbarian
the hour
I noticed what we have here on the outside
withhold this process
more than five times
and you will understand me
without them
figures
here we form
support
rooney all steps
he was
but if you do not comply
the best of them
at the end you will see 6
6/3
equals
the first one you like
It is important that they can be paid
that all parties
it has to be in the same direction
otherwise
it will not be possible to form
spatial statement in the case
r each part
the savings
I faced
in the house of the exterior of the passages
thus
everything normal humiliates her
for caramuru a ferrari
until all
this game
beaded
r so
we can spiritualize the spatial figure
after following all the parties
the last main fourth
what are you going to do
that our goal
sigler
note again
or icasa
on Tuesday
this is only possible
because all parties
were registered in the same sector
we now have it in games or
a geometric figure
space
everywhere
school
with this technique can not be shown to the student
video content joy in your seat
and that it is obvious yes yes partial
and also can not be paved to stabilize
to work
It is a separate case
after concluding
activity
ask the students to 20
if the
on here
for using the lost war
thank you very much
see you next time